It's awesome. Common misconceptions about my field. I'll tell you. Very
funny. Misconception. Um, when I was on my first ship as a lieutenant,
we had a congressional delegation code. Come aboard the ship and
the code out use civilians. Staffers that worked for Congressman were
six congressmen and approximately 15 staffers. And two of the staffers
thought that as naval officers and sailors, we didn't pay any
taxes. Hey, that's it. Excuse me? Um, no, uh, car's been in fact, let
me show you. And I got the disbursing officer, brought him into the
conversation, brought out what's called a leave and earnings statement
in L E s and showed it. Looks to me like New York state tax in
the federal tax income tax that I have to pay. So that was that was
rather interesting. Um, yes, we pay taxes well as the next citizen
in our country. So that was That was a funny anecdote that always struck
me for some reason that that they think the military doesn't pay
things way. Do we try toe have a life just like our citizens that
were protected